they were near Kyiv they were like that and they ran away when the war started and they ran away were wait they ran away, of course they ran away and I’ll tell you why Because the order was the order to run away well it was a good order on our part not not to run away but to retreat retreat for you I understand no, no, wait. And for you, it’s clear, it’s a matter of running away; for you, that’s a question, why do you have an order to retreat from Kherson from Kharkov, now an order to retreat from Kursk? Who gives these orders? Hello, I’m from the city of Khmelnitsk, where are you from St. Petersburg? what do you communicate about everything for example Let's start with the Kursk People's Republic you know about this one knows I know how late do you think the liberation of the Kursk People's Republic from Moscow began [laughter] Iga oh question I'll answer you So I By the way, if I'm not mistaken I'll even take you to Utah I saw And if I’m not mistaken, I’ll answer again So it’s just in vain Of course you entered Kursk Because those who entered Kursk will not come out alive. Horror and why horror Well, it’s sad Why is that so And what will happen to Kursk nothing will happen at all Well, it turns out that now the Kursk region is more and more Ukraine is liberating territories in the Kursk region So this is how it is for you According to the news They say this and according to your news they say Wait wait or did you personally go look you didn’t go but there are people who go there report Oh well the video shows you from there yes Uh-huh Ani And it’s okay that we have already taken your prisoners How many exactly how many exactly near Kursk how many more than forty more than forty can you show them because here are yours Seen there in one day 50 100 we already have about a thousand of your prisoners I I can’t show you because there is a video I can’t upload it to you right now Yes, we have 000 of your prisoners from the Kursk region and conscripts and adults and Akhmatov 000 people are already yours Yes yes yes in the beginning in the beginning and then what’s happening now And you have 40 Well, 1,000 and 40 Count who has the coolest 40 - this is only on one video And this is a thousand also on only one video and why did you decide that they didn’t take your prisoners from one video to the stadium 000 Listen to me like this tell me how it happened that Russia could not protect the Kursk region I will explain the politics of politics is that everything is interconnected everything has been for a long time Lyokh is at the bottom he is still alive, in fact the fact is that just when Prigozhin was he he talked about Kursk and about Belgorod And he Shaigumarov don’t meddle in your own business and so on. That is, we’ll decide everything here, like everything without you, that’s all, and the fact is that it’s just purely business. It’s purely about money. That is, you, I’ll tell you this directly, I’ll tell you this directly Because if if Russia would really like to take over Ukraine it would be much faster than it is now it would last 2 years or whatever that is look I understand correctly that the Russian authorities are step by step Putin and others Yes they make money from the deaths of Russians they 2 from year to year they are killing Russians in meat assaults instead of just ending it all with Ukraine yes yes Yes you understand this correctly You are all pretty You are quite a brave man Are you not afraid that you can be prosecuted for such things for discrediting I will tell you more I’ll tell you more, post this anywhere I don’t just Or you won’t I’ll post it anyway I ask Or are you not afraid no Cool And you it turns out I’m not afraid at all I’ll tell you even more because it’s true And you’re like you will you support an attack on Russia by Russia or not Yes, I’ll tell you why, tell me why, if you’re interested, if you’re like another country now, don’t Switch from Look, I’ll tell you why Because you say that this is all done on purpose to make money on NM because And here you are supporting, tell me. Let me tell you one thing, if we allow it. Our Russians decided to attack Ukraine, we must do it to the end, but the fact is that they simply don’t let you, they don’t let you just be taken away, our Russians themselves don’t let us. Who doesn’t let us? our Russians don’t give Who doesn’t give the crown Ministry of Defense Why doesn’t it give because it’s profitable that means they then you support what Listen, I’ll explain to you now look What is the essence of our attack Why because this man who you have there is painted in heels and and yes Zelensky, who was there in heels in the video, became your president But it’s him It’s your people you decided it yourself You yourself decided to choose it to further Let’s move on Look, I just decided to join NATO to take it by way of Crimea through NATO through NATO that’s why our Russians took it and didn’t let it all come to an end like this Because in any case, you had the goal of attacking Russia Only through NATO because you yourself understand perfectly well that you are purely from Ukraine against Russia, well, you just didn’t manage super Yes, now look, now Ukraine, with the help of NATO, took and attacked Russia, the Kursk region was attacked, and Ukraine, together with NATO, attacked now the Kursk region was attacked. Wait, are you so proud of this that you Well, yes, look, you attacked us so that we wouldn’t attack you attacked And we attacked you anyway, so it turns out Wait, wait, you took some villages that were there There are practically no people And you are practically proud of it Well, you have 130,000 people just evacuated from the Kursk region on we Neli on va look we have The first channel you have there or what it’s called is your main channel on TV I know what it’s called I don’t know I don’t know Well, I mean, you don’t know exactly then they show there just like this I’m talking about I Yes I don’t watch it at all but y me when I go to Ukrainian sites, for example, and these are these videos I see that I’m crazy about this channel, it’s all coming from I don’t know what it’s called exactly there, well, it looks like M, maybe I’m wrong, I got it, I got it, Not good, okay T works since the Russians watch super super this is a channel not for us this is a channel for Russians Yes it’s real M - this is a channel for Russians and for the occupied territories Oh well you’re great No I know there’s only one thing I don’t understand, it’s clear that you’re not the one attacking Yes, that’s what they’re counting on, I don’t understand this one thing, they’re still there. Well, I don’t know, look, we’re not military, we’re not military, we don’t know. Maybe they’re all yours and it’ll all end, we’re not military, we don’t know the truth. No, I I’ll tell you why you went to Kursk, I’ll tell you why, so that you’re simply ready for America there, well, what do you see, we’re going to Russia. So we Give us the most and so on, yes, you understand, you’ve invaded. I’ll say one thing to everyone who invaded. in Kursk - these are already suicide bombers, they are all in any case or in captivity listening here is a very important question Listen, I’m so serious I’m just a dentist I have 18 years of practice in 2 years of the twentieth of your teeth I wouldn’t quite see in the video I have and you You decided to pin me with your teeth, on top of me, on top of me, on top of me, the fangs are still growing here, here are the gums Yes, here are the fangs again, I thought he showed me also below and below, too, and below and below, it’s still normal, normal Look, virgin, I’m a dentist Yes, I am I saw it happens like this It’s called a lot there is something like this And show me show me this extra fang Well, seriously, as a dentist I’m interested, well, I’m not embarrassed to even say this, even show it to the whole world if it’s there in the fang, it’s a fang on a fang, yes it turns out no my teeth go teeth usually go A C E two more grow on top and below and then how many teeth do you have in total and not counting one which is here here it usually turns out 32 teeth and now I don’t have one, that’s 31 plus two here and one here 34 yes And if there was one it would be 35 an interesting phenomenon Yes, I’m just a dentist Yes, with experience like I’m for my own sake, maybe I’m mistaken because I may have an uneven body itself, that’s why there are these special braces and so on, and when you’re allowed to wear them they’re just Well, they grow together with the teeth That is, I might be wrong I’ll just honestly tell you one thing, the only one of my jaws that’s lost right now is only one tooth, that’s all here and the rest is obvious Well, that’s enough Well, you take good care of your teeth I’m like a dentist I’ll tell you that you take good care of your teeth, brush regularly every day, super well done. And what kind of paste do you brush with? I actually don’t trust the paste. That is, I don’t keep track of what’s the best paste, which is usually there, I’m there, some kind of kolg some- then buy it and understand everything is interesting Listen Well, for example, where are you getting the news from? Well, we talked about dentistry, I just like it more than politics. I got distracted professionally. I’m just watching and it seems to me, come on, come on, let’s ask a question, where are you watching the news from? Yes tiktok YouTube And which ones? channels on YouTube and Tiktok in the recommendations pop up in short, what pops up is something you look at, yes, in fact Yes, I understand, I’m usually not not interested in Ukraine, usually it’s like, well, no, I don’t drive, it’s Ukraine that’s the news, I just watch and admire it, no, I understand Listen and what do you think, uh, Ukraine should be a separate state? Good question. Honestly, I don’t even know, I can’t answer this because, well, in short, I’ll answer you this way; I’m a Russian, yes. But let’s say in my country, there’s already enough territory where you can live somewhere, that is, I already think my territory is enough, that is, I will be allowed something extra there. For me, this is not necessary, that is, you don’t need Crimea Crimea Crimea, it was not yours So wait, then stop, you have enough territory That is, you there is enough territory, but you want to take Crimea No, Crimea Crimea is Russia in any case, it was Russia That is, you are for the occupation of Crimea Look, I don’t need Kharkov, I don’t need Kiev I need your other Ukrainian territories, that’s enough for me that now we have Crimea Moscow St. Petersburg and so on All these cities Exactly, I understand this enough I answered your question or what else do you say Yes the question If uh NATO invades the territory of Russia You will go to defend it of course And why now you are not going to also invaded it hasn’t invaded the Kursk region yet, it has invaded, how can I tell you? It’s WTO with military means, but from under Tishka, I’ll tell you like this. Yeah, it means that it just supplies you with equipment, and everything would be cool if it weren’t for Postav. I don’t even know. I know that you won then and she’s still supplying us with equipment and that you’ll do nothing with it because wait a little longer, even the Belarusians haven’t fought for us yet, the Belarusians have already understood everything that the Belarusian won Why does he say that they won’t be able to handle it, well, really I saw no Look, don’t let me give you one question I’ll ask you to answer it How did you climb to Kursk what do you expect you think you wanted here we are the state that wanted if we can climb and we climbed and what will you do to us what will you do you think it’s time to clean up the territories yes Yes why Yes, because you, well, why explain Yes, you won’t survive there, even in Kursk Well, for some reason, now Ukraine is still squeezing and squeezing these territories Yes, and is driving away Russian troops They are running further and further, I want to seem rude, I want to communicate normally and purely but It’s funny to me what they’re saying to you there, I have friends in Kursk who know me, what are they saying? They say that they seem to hear some kind of shots there, I don’t know, that is, explosions, and so on. Well, it still doesn’t reach them, that is, right? for now it doesn't reach Kursk until it gets there soon It's hard for them to get there they're walking SRO it won't get there dude dude it won't get there Like how you don't understand it Well okay Okay okay it won't get through okay what are you worried about if it doesn't get what you're worried about what are you so you start for you, this topic becomes relevant And why are you so abruptly it’s not And why do you start so abruptly as if I’m supposedly worried, you start to deduce it’s all like I was worried Yes, the question is Why are all the Russians trying to prove to me with all their might that this is in short, well it doesn’t matter it’s nothing it’s all so fast Why is it so bad that you are trying to prove that this country will end quickly and believe me compare Ukraine on the map even if NATO helps you there and compare our Russia Yes you are a trifle for us in fact so And when What can we compare here? Firstly, the map is stretched. Like, yes, in these pub-like northern territories it is stretched out and seems wider, and secondly, there you have the majority of the territory of Russia; there is uninhabited permafrost; what’s the use of I’ll tell you more, I’ll tell you more, that now this war is protracted this is drawn out purely for our states, ah-ah-ah, because our military is not allowed to completely attack Kiev, that is, we can. If we were near Kiev, we would have been and ran away when the war started, they ran away, of course they ran away, and I’ll tell you why. Because the order was like that the order to run away was a good order on our part, it was a good order not to run away but to retreat retreat And for you it’s clear no but no wait But for you it’s clear it’s a matter of running away for you that’s a good question, why do you still have an order to retreat from Kherson from Kharkov now order to retreat from Kursk What Who is this order from And why did you decide that we are retreating from Kursk Well, retreat from the Kursk region because we are advancing we are retreating we are not retreating retreat retreat no no we are taking prisoners we are fighting we are fighting why every day you are losing and you are losing territories and settlements every day VM su we have squeezed out Crimea from you, it turns out that we already have Lugansk Don Donetsk is ours And you are some kind of people there So look, the fact is that we have been trying to come to an agreement with you for 2 years to get it right you left didn’t understand Now we started, we just haven’t started yet But now we have started Everything now you will see yes And what sis Wait Can I say we have squeezed Lugansk Donetsk Crimea from you Crimea you have squeezed some settlements from us in Kursk areas that are there I don’t know you don’t need them I understand you don’t need them so yes yes And you praise this as if it’s really important for you to achieve This is really important yes because we are the first state in the world that was able to take away territory from a nuclear power Yes, it’s clear Yes, we haven’t launched a nuclear attack on you yet, we won’t let you in because we won’t let you in even without poison, why can’t you, why now somehow we are there in the Kursk region Yes, because it’s beneficial to the authorities, you understand what the point is I Come on I’ll tell you a secret now, so look, who are you, you are the power and you don’t decide anything, but I’ll tell you one thing, I don’t decide anything, you’re right, but I know the truth, our military is actually in fact much more important what they are not doing now and why they are not doing this because they don’t give the order, that is, if let’s say they start to seize something the order starts to go there who is there from the step there Gerasim we don’t need to retreat I’m just Who is this traitor What is constantly giving the order retreat Who is this traitor Look, my friends are fighting and I’ll tell you even more that in fact we can really take you about You could take Kiev in 2-3 days I understood This is why Who gives the order to retreat could Who gives the order to retreat politics politics Who this traitor Which politician is this traitor I don’t know the politician but I know it turns out Putin is a traitor I don’t know Well look either Putin gives the order to retreat the order or Putin appoints the one who gives the order to retreat Putin Blame Putin the traitor look we actually have enough powers enough equipment to really make you very quickly really I know I know yes So who is this traitor What gives the order to retreat Who Who is the traitor who gives the order to retreat Who is this traitor Well Putin is your boss Putin in Russia you have one unity of command tsar it turns out Putin was installed by the Anglo-Saxons and he is a traitor look how it’s all it's working Sit down, otherwise my head will spin like you're running Come on, I'm not running Trust me, I'm not running at all Put the phone down so it doesn't shake Place the phone now it won't shake now you'll twitch it will shake I'll twitch I just want You don't mind if I raise the camera up I'll raise it I just want to go with I'm just a beer pi So you stream with one hand with the other, that's normal [music] you have a bad connection in the toilet Now still Be careful about Hello, you can hear me, you can hear me perfectly, you've already gone or you've already gone Come on, let's be interested, just so yes, when you've finished and we'll talk again. Don't worry, I'll talk to you when I go out. Don't worry, I won't send you off. How are you doing, how are you doing there, because I thought you want to run away, you want to run away, I think now you're on Switch no no no, I’m not like that, that’s what you have there, I understood, yes, come on, yeah, everyone, let’s go out, let’s go out, we’re stealing toilets from us, Nehru, I don’t wash my hands. Why such formalities? Yes, really. Why did you decide that I was holding on to him? You’re all me. I got it, yes yes yes I got it, in short, something like this: he pulls his shorts back, lifts him up with his shorts Yes, in short, and I mean, I usually just pull it out, and what are you doing to get it to your knees? I’ll tell you, if you weren’t a Streamer, I would be right now, I would show you how it’s done, no need, no need Well, look, we can put a curtain so that people don’t see me on the stream YouTu, in short, show it how it’s done I’m interested But wait, that is In your opinion, it’s impossible to pull off shorts and panties with one hand Yes, you can, but it turns out I’m just, well, this hose will dangle and you need to somehow put it on the shorts at an angle so that it shoots like that. Well, that’s if you just pull back a little. What if you you take off completely, I mean your pants, pants, shorts, how is it, completely undressed and standing naked, how can I explain it to you? I just took it further down to my knees, let’s say I lowered my shorts and panties, everything. Well, it hangs the other way around, like it will splash on the shorts below, it glows downwards and, in short, on the shorts and the panties are falling, okay, they don’t understand. I don’t understand, wait, shorts and panties, wait. Well, what did you do? Okay, wait, you did it while standing, Well, look, you took it off to your knees, the pointer is hanging down. Well, right on the panties and shorts, they were taken off and I didn’t I know how this happens for you, it’s like this happens to me, well, somehow it’s not like that, well, how does it deviate from the trajectory right away? I just don’t know how it’s done. I have to kind of turn on this topic and explain and how Oh and how I want to prove it to you, yes, I, as a doctor, am interested, well, I don’t understand how this happens. Prove it, I don’t know how to explain this to you. I usually stood up, took it off, and stood up with a push and still stand, yes. Well, you have it hanging vertically downwards. True. But vertically downwards. I don’t have your pants taken off, I don’t have it hanging like that. And how do you show it a little higher how it’s in a standing position? You don’t have it not in a standing position. But a little higher. Well, it’s still hanging down like that. Well, all men have it down like that, you know. What is the point? A man is able to calmly go take off his panties, stand up and usually don’t touch him with his hands. In short, without holding him, not even holding him in his hands. I understand, you just bent over, and it works. I understand the technology, you get it. He hangs down, you bend over, and he’s like this. And here’s the topic this is technology, yes, you understand, because when you stand vertically, it’s vertical like that and you bend over, it’s like the arrow always points to the magnetic pole, and you leaned over like that, but then you stood up, well, drops of drops on you, like how you shook on me, not a single drop dripped wait stop stop stop well after that you need to look like it’s hanging You need to shake it somehow like you shook it Wait and you shake it here Yes always Yes if you don’t shake it, in short your panties will be wet So you’re not normal if your panties are wet And you just I understood you when it somehow still blows out there they dry it yes Everything with you I’m usually fine like those hug it cold okay okay Just simple and the most important question But you didn’t drain it after yourself leaked No you didn't press anything, there was no sound, there was no sound, show me, we'll wait, look, I'm not even with Show me, well, press, press, press like this You can not go to the toilet You can, like, a bath Show the bath you can really hear And show the bath now I'll show you to the bath bath Show Maybe you're in I'll show you the bath now Wait, wait, don't worry, you're in the light right now, you're in the bath, there's a yellowish coating, where's the coating? Well, the yellow is shining yellow, you see where it is, and the washbasin Show, and the washbasin, Maybe you're on your mind So you put everything on the washbasin I Now I understand, you put it on the washbasin and that’s why you didn’t hold it with your hand. Now the puzzle has all come together. Are you serious? Yes, you were on the washbasin. I’ll tell you even more, look, if I’m in the washbasin. I wouldn’t do it with my hand like that. What are you doing now? washbasin with my hand I’m just showing you that if I were here I would be with my hand so you wouldn’t touch the washbasin take this hole with your finger Twist it into the river shoot into every hole of this lattice Because you You’re just you pointing your fingers where I’m pointing at you [laughter ] I’ll say out of two people which one of them is poking his fingers into the hole in the washbasin who are you sure that I was poking with a finger you were poking with a finger Look if if the washbasin was closer to Padi And even if to pa if the washbasin was don’t lick your finger if yes and also those Everything means washbasin washbasin once Neli's finger washbasin Now we've opened everything up, everything didn't work out on the floor Well, let's go further write to the Telegram directly at once axis VN and Popik is even more and more polite YouTube took us through Scar Georg to your ban and there’s not even a lot of video I show people at all times I won’t show information about the stream For this purpose, for this purpose, Mali operational link should be written directly at the same time, but in the meantime, in telegra okm vdeo ezh tsikava and korisna information and we are guilty of you trima postiy operational link, in addition, show you the process YouTube Slava Ukraine letter with